Docs: Update information about metrics mode (#16391)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/configuration.md

| write.merge.isolation-level                         | serializable                | Isolation level for merge commands: serializable or snapshot                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| write.delete.granularity                            | partition                   | Controls the granularity of generated delete files: partition or file                                                                                                                                                                              |

> Notes:
> 
> 1. Metrics modes are explained below:
>     - `none`: In this mode, `value_counts`, `null_value_counts`, `nan_value_counts`, `lower_bounds`, and `upper_bounds` are not persisted.
>     - `counts`: In this mode, `value_counts`, `null_value_counts`, and `nan_value_counts` are persisted.
>     - `truncate(length)`: In this mode, `value_counts`, `null_value_counts`, `nan_value_counts`, truncated `lower_bounds`, and truncated `upper_bounds` are persisted. Only string and binary values are truncated to the specified length. For other types, values are written as is.  
>     - `full`: In this mode, `value_counts`, `null_value_counts`, `nan_value_counts`, full `lower_bounds`, and full `upper_bounds` are persisted.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes:

1. Available metrics modes:
   - none: No metrics are persisted
   - counts: Only count metrics are persisted (value_counts, null_value_counts, nan_value_counts).
   - truncate(length): Persists counts plus truncated bounds (lower_bounds, upper_bounds). Truncation applies only to string and binary types; all other types are stored as-is.
    - full: Persists all metrics, including full lower_bounds and upper_bounds.

```
